README.md, before:

# Markus Massina Portfolio

A modern, responsive personal portfolio website showcasing professional skills, projects, and personal interests. Built with React and Tailwind CSS.

## Features
- Responsive design that works on desktop and mobile
- Dark theme with vibrant accents
- Sections for About, Experience, Projects, Skills, and Contact
- Integration with GitHub projects
- Modern UI components from shadcn/ui

## Tech Stack
- React.js
- Tailwind CSS
- shadcn/ui components
- TypeScript
- Vite

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm (comes with Node.js)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/[your-username]/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) in your browser

### Building for Production

To create a production build:
```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist` directory.

## Project Structure
```
portfolio/
├── client/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/     # React components
│   │   ├── lib/           # Utility functions
│   │   └── pages/         # Page components
│   └── index.html
├── public/                # Static assets
└── theme.json            # Theme configuration
```

## Customization
- Edit `theme.json` to customize colors and appearance
- Modify `tailwind.config.ts` for Tailwind CSS configuration
- Update content in the components under `client/src/components/`

## Contact
- Email: mmassina@binghamton.edu
- GitHub: https://github.com/Markus112105
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/markus-massina/

Commit message:

Agent query: Does the website load correctly with all assets (images, styles, etc.) showing properly?
Add GitHub Pages deployment functionality.

Screenshot: https://storage.googleapis.com/screenshot-production-us-central1/d7ebd1f0-6012-4eae-83b1-76e42e1d696c/f0bffe0b-8bad-4ef4-9a6d-1cf78e3e3931.jpg

README.md, after:

# Markus Massina Portfolio

A modern, responsive personal portfolio website showcasing professional skills, projects, and personal interests. Built with React and Tailwind CSS.

## Features
- Responsive design that works on desktop and mobile
- Dark theme with vibrant accents
- Sections for About, Experience, Projects, Skills, and Contact
- Integration with GitHub projects
- Modern UI components from shadcn/ui

## Tech Stack
- React.js
- Tailwind CSS
- shadcn/ui components
- TypeScript
- Vite

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm (comes with Node.js)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/[your-username]/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) in your browser

### Deploying to GitHub Pages

1. In your GitHub repository settings, ensure GitHub Pages is enabled:
   - Go to Settings > Pages
   - Set the source branch to `gh-pages`
   - Save the settings

2. Deploy the site:
```bash
npm run deploy
```

This will build your site and push it to the `gh-pages` branch. Your site will be available at:
`https://[your-username].github.io/portfolio`

### Building for Production

To create a production build:
```bash
npm run build
```

The built files will be in the `dist` directory.

## Project Structure
```
portfolio/
├── client/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/     # React components
│   │   ├── lib/           # Utility functions
│   │   └── pages/         # Page components
│   └── index.html
├── public/                # Static assets
└── theme.json            # Theme configuration
```

## Customization
- Edit `theme.json` to customize colors and appearance
- Modify `tailwind.config.ts` for Tailwind CSS configuration
- Update content in the components under `client/src/components/`

## Contact
- Email: mmassina@binghamton.edu
- GitHub: https://github.com/Markus112105
- LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/markus-massina/
